release 0.67.2 (#3983)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku: CHANGELOG.rst

.. _changelog:

0.67.2
------

> Renku ``0.67.2`` several bug fixes on the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renku ``0.67.2`` fixes several bugs in the data services backend. 
```
